They were 50. It was 50 years ago. All right. We're talking about 1967.
Nobody knew about diet back then. This is a fact. Right? Okay.
So the people that did live that long and they were living this, it's almost,
uh, an accident in some ways or inconsequential, like what,
what is going on today with people's diet and how long will people live today?
The is far more information. Yeah.
In terms of like nutrition and what you should do absolutely.
And shouldn do for your body.
So what I'm concerned with is like what optimizes people today?
I wanna see blood work. Yeah. I wanna see like,
what is going on with your blood lipids? Absolutely.
What is going on with your nutrient levels? What is going on with that? And in,
in that case, we don't have, we have J just a few studies from a few people,
or a few tests from a few people that have done this carnivore diet.
We have some people that have done the vegan diet and have had real hard
problems with that diet. Yeah.
But let's just, let me just say one thing,
cuz to throw the word vegan on something that does not make it a healthy diet.
I know vegans that are a hundred pounds overweight.
They eat nothing but fried told vegan pizza.
If you an organic whole food plant-based diet, that's what I roll with. Right.
I don't, I don't say I vegan diet can mean anything,
but when you say whole food's in the original sauce, organic, no pesticides,
whole food plant-based diet. That's what I roll with. Right?
So that's why I don't go nutrient nutrient dense, nutrient dense, mineral.
Dense. And this is mineral things.
Mineral important with people that live a long time.
One of the things that you get from a lot of plants,
especially like rich green leafy plants, right? You get a lot of minerals.
Absolutely. And, and more importantly,
if these things are raised in an organic environment, you're getting soil,
that's not depleted. And this is a big problem with mono mono crops.
Did you see the, the article that just came amount today, that 40 years ago,
an orange was 10 times more, more nutritious? I think it was, uh,
I think it might have been CNN online or something.
They posted an article that said the fruits and vegetables from 40 years ago
were 10 times more nutritious than the,
than the way they're being grown today is like you said,
rows and rows and rows. That makes sense.
How do they extract the nutrients properly from the soil it's
IM.
Well, you know, they have to actually add nutrients to the soil.
Most of the time, they're just adding nitrogen, a few other different minerals,
but there's mineral depletion.
Pig or pig. Like what, what they do is to get,
how do they get rid of that pig. Yeah. They're spraying it on the crops.
Yeah. And, and you know.
Well, you're, you're supposed to rotate crops. Right. You know, I mean.
It's crop rotation. What you plant next to each other, right. That are extra. I,
I'm not a farmer composting,
but I have a friend that isn't organic farmer and his name,
his name is Keith. And uh, he farms up, uh,
up in like New Hampshire mm-hmm <affirmative> and he knows all about crop
rotation. Keith Leon forte, if you have a, he's a Harry Christian dude,
you can do it. That's what he does. He has a small farm, small farms are.
Legit. Like you can have a small farm and be in symbiosis. Like you can,
you could be in harmony with the land, but man, you're starting, you're growing,
you know,
a thousand acres of corn for cattle feed there's you might as well be making
oil. Well, I mean, you're, you're,
you're doing something that's kind of crazy today environment. It's not natural.
And, and, and, and listen, you know,
I saw Ted Newgen play with ACD and black Sabbath in 76
at, at Madison square guard. And I went to all them shows, but you know,
when he came on and the that he was talking,
I was just like the GMO crops. Okay.
80% of the GMO crop being fed to animals for slaughter. The,
the, what he called the stupid vegans are not the ones that are eating that,
that most of the crops that are genetically modified because you have these
corporations, McDonald's every one of these corporations,
they want every piece of meat to taste the same.
They want every French fry Tato to be the same mm-hmm <affirmative>.
So the only way they can control it is the control of the genetic markers.
So that's why they're using all of the, all the,
a majority of the genetically modified grains and Monsanto, uh,
you know, who just got bought out by bear. Uh,
and they're changing the name cuz Mon as such a big rap.
I don't rep if you don't know it, bear just bought them. Yeah.
Now do you know the history of bear pharmaceutical company? No,
but they make IG Farbin no. Prior to that,
they made the Zyklon gas that went into the Nazi death chambers.
Well, that's, you know,
what's funny that that NY Cylon gas was crew created by Fritz
hoer Fritz hoer is also the guy who created the process of extracting nitrogen
from the air. Really? So he's the guy,
the reason why we can grow the kind of crops that we have today is because of
Fritz hoer they say the 50% of the nitrogen in most,
the nitrogen in most people's DNA comes from the ho method.
He also created Lon a Lon a is.
Lon B gas was the.
Nazis. Well,
he created Cylon a and they added the smell to it so that you could smell this
toxic gas. So you would know it when it was coming.
So you can get outta the way. Wow.
The Nazis switched it to Lon B Fritz Harbor was actually a Jew and
they took his invention and cut out the smell portion of it so that they could
gas Jews with it. Wow.
It's dark. I said, Joe's a smart. I'm learning some here today. Right?
My head.
It's dark. You know, the ho method, you know,
saved a lot of people and killed a lot of people.
They wanted to try that guy for crimes against humanity while he was winning the
Nobel prize for science at the same time. Cause he was also the first people.
He was one of the, the, uh,
first people that implemented a gassing program where they used it to gas,
the allied troops in world war I, that was ho wow. Harbor was.
A big part of that. I didn't, I did not know that. Yeah, it's.
Crazy. So that is how we get nitrogen. Wow.
We get nitrogen from the Harbor method when they're pouring nitrogen into the
plant, into the soil so they can grow plants. That's a big part of it.
When you say genetically modified too, a big part of that is like,
we wanna think about, oh, like labs and science and all this jazz,
but almost everything we eat is genetically modified,
including all of our grains. Like especially all of our fruits and vegetable,
what we were saying about tomatoes or, um, uh,
orange being different than it was 10 years ago. everything's different man,
because they want these things to be durable so they could throw 'em in a bus or
a truck rather, and travel close the country, sell 'em somewhere else.
Well, here here's the thing. And I know what they do. They take the, the, the,
the, the DNA of a flounder and inject it a tomato. So it can resist the fraud.
How the did they do that? I don't know. Is that real? It's that's real.
So if you eat a tomato, does it have flounder.
In it now? Vegans, if you're eating GMO, maybe you're not eating vegan food,
you could be eating a fish tomato. Did you ever think about.
It? Well, one thing is if you eat plants, plants absorb,
like they've found salmon DNA in some plants because plants
absorb the, the fish, everything that people use for fertilizer. Yeah. You know,
so you're getting some of that animal,
but it's a natural cycle that you're getting it through. I mean,
animals eat animals, plants, eat animals, animals, even eat plants. I mean,
there's crazy plants in south America that it looks like a,
like a V and these rats,
they get attracted this sweet smell around the edges and it's slick.
And they fall into the hole and the plant closes in 'em and swallows 'em and
eats 'em. Wow. Yeah.
Well, well, the, the, you know, the other thing is this,
you have chemical companies making your food,
their job is not to feed the world. There's a jobs not to keep you healthy.
Their job is to sell pesticides. Yeah. Let's,
let's be straight up about it. So yeah, they created,
what was the other, uh, cross, uh, genetic there's, uh,
there's a, a, a vegetable, I think it was bro. Uh,
was it cauliflower or broccoli? They, they mixed two things and came out with,
uh, it's a different process. What, what they're doing now,
mm-hmm <affirmative> and really what they do when they can take Roundup and
pesticides and put it in the seed, right. Is what they're doing now. And.
So the plant from the growth cycle is resistant to these bugs. Right. And.
And all the people that are having the gut issues. I don't know if you listen,
you know, I know you had rich roll on twice. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, he's my boy.
He's a homie. He's great, dude, dude, he's, everyone asked me like,
what's that life in real what's he like in real life? I'm like,
that's the most genuine dude. You know, you ever have anything going on?
He just wrote the forward to my new book. Uh, the PMA effect. I mean,
he's such a, he's a such solid cat, very solid. But uh,
where was I going with that? You took me down to plants. Glyphosate. Yeah.
So he just had Dr. Zach Bush, come on, who's a doctor.
This is clinical research. This is not speculation.
This is not vegan propaganda. This is science.
And he proved that glyphosate.
And what's happening now with the gut health of it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> gut health is such a huge issue. Yeah. Everything,
the bad disease. It starts in the gut.
And the glyphosate is eating through the stomach wall and causing leaky gut and
all these other, uh, physical, uh,
diseases from happening. Now,
the other thing is you have to realize what these pesticides are,
they're neurotoxins. And then the ones that they're putting inside the seed,
when the bug eats the leaf, it dies.
So you're eating these fruits and vegetables that are completely toxic.
Well, here's what happens when they created it. One of things,
one of the reasons why they were able to implement it,
they said it doesn't kill people. It kills plants and it kills bacteria.
So everybody's like, oh fine. Yeah, no problem.
It only kills plants and bacteria. That's totally safe. No,
your body is filled with bacteria, your bacteria,
your gut has more E coli than there's ever been a human being on the planet
ever.
There's more E coli in your stomach than any humans that have ever lived more
numbers. And you need them. You need the,
the bacteria gut flora gets destroyed by glyphosate. It gets destroyed.
By rounding. That's a that's that's. I mean,
that podcast that he did, uh, that episode with Dr. Zach Bush is,
it's unbelievable. And, and I'm surprised like, you know of,
didn't try to take tattoo out at this point. Cause well.
It's,
they're making so much money and people aren't listening and there's so much
signal. There's so many noises going on.
And they used the word that everyone loves to use. The two words, conspiracy,
theorists. Yeah. That's a good one. But here's the thing.
Once you can prove something and there's data and evidence to it up,
it's no longer a theory. It's a fact.
So they it's even a conspiracy. It's just reality. And by the way,
when they implemented it,
they probably did think that they could get away with it.
They think it would've been fine.
They really probably didn't know as much as we know today about gut biome.
Right. That's all new. That's all within the last couple of decades. Stuff was,
do.
You, how about, yeah. Kechi is amazing.
Drink a lot. ACHA. Yeah. I drink a lot of kombucha eat a lot of kimchi.
That's where I get it from primarily. Yeah. That's.
That's good stuff.